\documentclass[a4paper,10pt]{article}
\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage{url}

%\selectlanguage{francais}
\input{letter-ensiie.sty}

\selectlanguage{english}
\enCouleur

\begin{document}


\name{Professor St\'ephane \textsc{Genaud}}
\fonction{Dean of ENSIIE Graduate School of Engineering, Computer Science}
\telephoneillkirch{+33 (0)3688 54542}
\email{genaud@ensiie.fr}

\begin{letter}[Recommendation of Maxime Heckel]{to}{Student's Admission Board\\%
Berkeley University}

Dear Colleague, 

I know  Maxime since he  has been admitted at  the ENSIIE Engineering  School in
september 2012.  I am also a lecturer and  I had the pleasure to have Maxime as a
student  in  three  courses:  "Operating  Systems",  "Network  Programming"  and
"Middleware"  in his  first 3  semesters of  study (out  of six).  In all  these
courses, Maxime ranked in the top most  part of his class. He ranked 3rd in his
group of 32 at Strasbourg in his first year. The overall academic records of Maxime 
are excellent, with a strong background in science, especially in maths and physics. 


Maxime has  shown during his two  first years at ENSIIE,  to be to be  plenty of
iniatives.    He  has   taken  the   responsability  to   manage  the   computer
infrastructure that the students use for their software development projects. In
this  duty, he  and  another student  have  formed a  very  efficient team,  and
proposed  very  imaginative  and   state-of-the-art  solutions  to  fulfill  the
student's needs.   As a  dean, i  have regular  meetings with  Maxime and  I can
witness that Maxime is involved at the highest level in its responsabilites.

I also observed from the projects I  reviewed Maxime which was involved in, that
Maxime is an  excellent team worker.  Maxime is overall  a faithful and friendly
person.  Through  discussions I  had with  him, he is  also very  open-minded to
foreign cultural environments, and  his will to take part to  a CS curriculum at
Berkeley seems very natural to me.

As a baseline,  I can say Maxime  is a hard-working student  with both excellent
academic records  and a wide knowledge  in the filed of  numerical technologies.
Overall, his willigness  to participate in a curriculum at  your highly regarded
institution convinces me  to highly recommend him for an  graduate curriculum in
Computer Science at Berkeley.

\end{letter}
\begin{flushright}
\includegraphics[width=.26\textwidth]{signgenaud.jpg}
\end{flushright}
%\newpage
%\bibliographystyle{plain}



\end{document}
